Trajectory interface changes (#705)
PX4/px4_user_guide: en/config_mc/mc_slew_rate_type_trajectory.md

>
>  [MC Jerk-limited Trajectory Tuning](../config_mc/mc_jerk_limited_type_trajectory.md) is an alternative trajectory that provides for smoother responses.

The Slew Rate trajectory type is a simple implementation where the jerk and acceleration is limited using slew-rates (jerk and acceleration limits are not hard constraints).

It allows asymmetric profiles based on user intention (smooth acceleration and quick stop), and should be used when a quick (and potentially "jerky") response to stick input is more important than ensuring smooth acceleration and deceleration (e.g.: for aggressive flight with position hold).

This topic explains how the trajectory type can be tuned.

## Position Mode

In [Position mode](../flight_modes/position_mc.md) the stick inputs are mapped to either **position-control** or **velocity-control**.

> **Note** The position controller ([diagram here](https://dev.px4.io/master/en/flight_stack/controller_diagrams.html#multicopter-position-controller)) consists of an outer **P** position-control loop and an inner **PID** velocity-control loop.

> Depending on the control (flight) mode either both loops are active or just the velocity control loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the mode and situation either both loops are active or just the velocity control loop.
```
